simpleRestProvider: using a custom http header to count items in a collection (#5224)
marmelab/react-admin: packages/ra-data-simple-rest/README.md

Now all the requests to the REST API will contain the `Authorization: SRTRDFVESGNJYTUKTYTHRG` header.

## Note about Content-Range

Historically, Simple REST Data Provider uses the http `Content-Range` header to retrieve the number of items in a collection. But this is a *hack* of the [primary role of this header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Range).

> And this can be problematic, for example within an infrastructure using a Varnish that may use, modify or delete this header. We also have feedback indicating that using this header is problematic when you host your application on [Versel](https://vercel.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However this can be problematic, for example within an infrastructure using a Varnish that may use, modify or delete this header. We also have feedback indicating that using this header is problematic when you host your application on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/).
```

> The solution is to use another http header to return the number of collection's items, the other header commonly used for this is `X-Total-Count`. So if you use `X-Total-Count`, you will have to :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution is to use another http header to return the number of collection's items. The other header commonly used for this is `X-Total-Count`. So if you use `X-Total-Count`, you will have to :
```
